I'm Tashara Fernando. I'm head of data
and AI at Mang Group.
Mangroup are an alternative investment
manager. We manage over $200 billion of
assets.
Our clients are pension funds, sovereign
wealth funds, and large institutions.
We manage real people's money, thousands
of people's pensions and investment
capital.
So when we think about AI, the stakes
are high for us. Our clients are real
people from their teachers in Canada,
their metal workers in Japan.
So, we really need to get AI right. If
we get this wrong, we could lose real
money.
One of the really large parts of our
business is systematic trading. And that
represents a huge opportunity to be
aided by AI.
By systematic trading, I mean
algorithmic trading capabilities
that look across thousands of securities
and hundreds of markets to make
investment decisions.
So systematic trading is really about
trading signals.
And you can think of a signal like a
fantasy football team. You can think
that we want to pick the best players
for our squad based on some intuitive
strategy.
So the green bars here would be a
starting lineup. The red bars would be
the reserve squad, the people that you
don't want in the team. And the people
in the middle, they might come in, you
might kind of transfer them in, but
they're they're not the star players at
the moment. Maybe a subs bench.
So, a signal is really about thinking
about a striker maybe hitting form, but
you need to transfer them in before the
Friday deadline when the price might go
up.
And then you have savvy managers who are
really thinking about form fixtures
and what might happen to get the most
points in the season.
And they want to transfer the right
players in at the right time and at the
right cost. So this is quite similar to
systematic trading. A trading signal is
really just this with stocks. So the
bars here would represent company
stocks. We want to back the ones that
would make money and we want to short
the ones that won't.
So in this example, we've ranked the
stocks by the past 3 month returns and
we run that through history to see if it
would have made money.
The interesting question is always what
is that factor that you want to rank
things by? What's the strategy to get
the right stocks in your team? And does
it work?
And how do you know whether it works or
not? Well, the truth is you never really
know. I'd love to be able to tell the
future, but I can't. So, the best thing
that we can do is look at what happened
historically. We run that strategy, we
codify it, and we run it against 15
years of history or even longer. And
what that does is it runs that strategy
through lots of macroeconomic
environments, through lots of stresses.
And we can see how it performed.
And that back test produces lots of
statistical factors. Some examples might
be how much money did it make? So what's
the annualized return? When it lost
money, and they always do at some point,
how much did it lose? And we call that a
draw down. And we look at some even more
complex statistical factors. One's
called a sharp ratio which compares the
volatility of that strategy versus how
much it returned.
And it's this process, this systematic
trading workflow that we think that we
can use AI to really enhance to come up
with those ideas to run the back tests
and that has been our focus.
So there are trading signals running
right now in production at Mang Group, a
regulated investment firm running real
capital that were researched, back
tested and proposed by AI.
By that I mean humans came up with the
sorry AI came up with the idea. AI got
the data. AI ran the back test. AI then
wrote up the strategy proposal and AI
productionized the signal.
Humans of course reviewed all of the
output to make sure that it was
sensible. But a AI was at the center of
that process.
And I'm sure you want to know what was
that signal? What was that investment
idea?
How much money did it make? How can I
use it?
Sorry, I'm not going to tell you that
today. That's our IP. What I'm here to
tell you about today is our journey.
What was the foundation that allowed us
to do that? And how can you apply those
learnings in your company?
And it really starts with AI
understanding our workflows.
And to do that, we use skills.
Can I have a show of hands in the
audience as to who's written a skill?
Okay, that's great. Most of you.
So, coming up with the signal is the
quick bit. The hard part is everything
that you need, everything that's
underneath it, all of the workflows that
make it happen, that allow you to act on
it. Think of it like an iceberg. The
signal is the tip. Underneath it are all
of the workflows that make it possible.
How do you clean the data? How do you
stitch prices? How do you detect
outliers?
How does it run? What's the
infrastructure it runs on? How do you
run those back tests?
And this is where it can quickly go
wrong. If different teams are running
different versions of those workflows,
you get different answers.
One team's back test looks amazing. and
other teams looks average. And because
they're using different workflows, you
don't really know whether it was the
idea that was better in one team than
the other or whether they're just
measuring things differently.
Shared workflows fix that. One common
foundation means that effort isn't
duplicated and you have consistency. The
outputs are comparable. And that's
extremely important in systematic
trading when we're comparing signals.
Out of the box, Claude is an amazing
general purpose tool. It does a lot, but
it doesn't know us. It doesn't know our
data. It doesn't know our systems. It
doesn't know how we work. And it's the
same for everybody in this room. So the
first thing that we had to do was teach
it. Not by retraining it, not by doing
fine-tuning, but by giving it access to
our data, our capabilities, and our
workflows.
That's our superpower.
We have decades of institutional
knowledge in systematic research and
some of the best technical capabilities
on the street.
And if we can connect that with AI, then
AI can leverage that superpower.
Skills are the connective layer that
allow AI to leverage that superpower. So
getting them right is paramount
and that was our focus.
But we got it wrong before we got it
right. And I want to tell you about our
story today.
We really focused on adoption. We went
all in. We were doing skills workshops.
Anthropic helped us with that. We were
doing hackathons. We wrote a blog. We
were doing showand tell sessions.
Everybody was writing skills. The
adoption was really out of this world.
But we started to see some cracks in our
approach.
It was really the power users that were
building the skills. It wasn't the
process owners.
And what that meant is that all of the
skills really represented a local
optimization for one user. They weren't
common organizational solves.
And nothing was really more symptomatic
of this than when we ran one of the
showand tell sessions one day and there
was a guy who used to travel a lot at
Mang Group and he had loads of expenses
to do and he spent loads of time doing
this. So he wrote a skill for it. He
gave lots of pictures of receipts to
Claude and it would do the expense
report for him and he brought this to
the show and tell session and he even
shared it with a few people in his team
and it was working really well. And then
a few days later, the expense approver
came to us and was like, "Why is Claude
creating so many expense reports for my
cost center? People from technology,
people from the people team. Why do I
have to approve all of them? I'm in
sales. I I don't want to approve
everybody else's expense reports." And
we dug into it and it was just because
the the cost center code was hardcoded.
And it was really just that that was
this um this local optimization.
Nobody had reviewed that skill. It
worked for him. it worked for his team,
so it was going to work for everybody.
But that's not the case.
And he wasn't accountable for that. He
kind of thought it was quite funny. And
I mean, so did I, to be honest.
Um, but it was really symptomatic of a
broader problem.
People were just codifying their ways of
doing things. They weren't the
organizational ways of doing things. And
in many cases, they weren't actually the
workflow owner.
And this is a huge problem when it comes
to things like back testing and
systematic trading.
It starts to become a blocker to scaling
to enterprises.
Agents can't leverage those. There's no
commonality.
And we saw that something had to change.
Has anyone else faced this problem when
they've been writing skills? That it was
actually the process. It was the people
who were the power users of a process
rather than the owners of it that were
writing the skills. Can I have a show of
hands for that?
Good.
Yeah, we really saw that across the
board.
But we saw that skills governance
started to be the secret source that
unlocked these enterprise use cases.
If you could connect your common
workflows
to AI, give it access to your data and
your capabilities, you could really
allow agents to act on those skills.
And if you can do that, you can allow
Claude code to do problems as complex as
systematic trading.
So our solve for this was to have a
common marketplace. Every skill was
visible, tagged and tested with evals.
We wanted to ensure consistency.
Imagine a library.
It captures decades of institutional
knowledge.
There are sections for the finance
department, the people department, the
research department.
We care for every item. We care for
every skill in those departments.
The skill is owned by the workflow
owner. They're all tested. Usage is
tracked. They're all reviewed. They have
a life cycle. And they're all visible to
everybody to install.
It's really that care that makes this
work. And it's the foundation that moves
skills from individual productivity
solves to a foundation that can set you
up for the agenda cage.
And it's through that that we were able
to apply skills to systematic trading.
So now I will give you a bit of a flavor
for what it's like to build a systematic
signal. We've got a demo and a video on
that.
This is my knowledge. It's where you'll
find our collection of skills and
manroup's context store. The skill
suggestions are tailored to each
business unit. They have clear ownership
and are organized into managed and
community skills.
Skills and plugins can easily be
installed in Claude. Plugins are useful
groups of skills. For example, here we
have a data plugin which gives us access
to mangroups data sets.
We can also install skills individually.
For example, this is the data set skill
which allows me to search man groups
alternative data sets.
Now those foundational skills are
installed, we can start to get a flavor
of what it's like to build a systematic
trading signal. We can use the
alternative data set skill to search for
research such as credit card data.
We ask Claude what credit card data sets
are available and it identifies a data
set of US consumer transactions.
We can plot Amazon's monthly credit card
spend against its stock price returns.
These are the results of the credit card
data compared to the stock price for the
same period.
The blue bars are credit card spend and
the line is the stock price.
Interestingly, in the graph, you can see
spikes for seasonal spend, such as Black
Friday and Christmas.
Next, we run a back test to see if
credit card spend is predictive of the
stock price by comparing the peaks in
credit card spending with the profits
and losses of the stock.
In the results, the signal shows better
performance than a buy and hold
strategy. We can see that investing
$1,000 in 2021 using this signal would
now be worth around $2,500.
This could be a fluke for Amazon. So,
let's run it on a broader universe of
retail companies. As there are multiple
companies, we'll run it using our
distributed compute infrastructure.
Each company is running an individual
worker and then the findings are
collected.
In this case study, we leveraged four
skills to create a systematic trading
signal. In reality, our signal research
is much more nuanced, accounting for
things like seasonality, inflation, and
broader sets of securities. We do this
with agents as well as humans exploring
these ideas. The key takeaway is that
the governance of these skills is key.
It ensures that everyone has access to
the same data and everyone uses the same
workflows.
Okay, so hopefully what you can see is
that if you get that foundation right
across the board, if you've got access
to all of the data, you can start to
leverage more capabilities. Everything
from scaling your compute to getting
alternative credit card data sets. And
these are often owned by different
teams. And it's really that that allows
you to scale to the Agentic platform.
So what did we learn along the way?
These are the things that I would tell
past me and that you can take away.
Firstly, focus on that organizational
context. That is your IP. It's your
moat. It's one of the few safe spaces
left in AI. The frontier labs are not
going to solve context for you. It's not
on the internet. They don't know your
workflows. And you already have that
context.
You have decades of it. The work is on
exposing it, not reinventing it.
And skills are how that those decades of
institutional knowledge become leverage.
Treat those skills like production code
because that's what they will become.
Plan your approach before you plan the
roll out. Who's going to own the skill?
Who's going to review it? How does it
get retired? How does it get tested?
Decide this be before shipping the first
skill, not after the hundth like us.
Adoption is not a licensing problem.
It's a people problem. Once you've got
that platform in place, you need to
encourage people to engage with it.
We need to really think about how we
capture that organizational context and
rethink our workflows rather than just
augmenting them.
And that's a training problem. It's an
engagement problem. So you really need
to outreach to people who are using this
platform.
And it's through this it's through these
ideas that we've been able to scale. man
groups about 17 800 people 1,700 people
something like that and we now have 750
of them using claude code across
developers quants the people team the
finance team everybody across all of the
departments is using claude code we're
seeing a lot of engagement because
they're able to use those capabilities
in a simple way they don't need to know
about everything they have this skills
platform
that understands our workflows
We now have over 100 governed skills and
at least as many community skills that
are looked after in a library and
they're well governed. And what this has
done is it has allowed us to unlock the
capability to use AI in systematic
trading.
So skills governance really unlocks AI
at that enterprise scale. The thing that
I'm most proud of is that I feel that
we've got our eyes on the prize. We have
a solid bedrock built on decades of
institutional knowledge.
And in the not too distant future, I can
see us having swarms of agents
leveraging those skills to look for new
investment opportunities.
So what's the takeaway for you?
Really think about how you're going to
capture that context. Which department
owns it?
What's the process for governing them?
Where will they live? How will you test
them? How will you retire them?
connect a golden path from your AI
platform to your capabilities and your
context.
Once you have that basis of knowledge,
if you care for it and AI can leverage
it, that will really set you up for the
agenda age.
Thank you very much everyone.